docs/README.md, before:

---
layout: home
permalink: index.html

# Please update this with your repository name and project title
repository-name: eYY-co2060-project-template
title: Project Template
---

[comment]: # "This is the standard layout for the project, but you can clean this and use your own template, and add more information required for your own project"

<!-- Once you fill the index.json file inside /docs/data, please make sure the syntax is correct. (You can use this tool to identify syntax errors)

Please include the "correct" email address of your supervisors. (You can find them from https://people.ce.pdn.ac.lk/ )

Please include an appropriate cover page image ( cover_page.jpg ) and a thumbnail image ( thumbnail.jpg ) in the same folder as the index.json (i.e., /docs/data ). The cover page image must be cropped to 940×352 and the thumbnail image must be cropped to 640×360 . Use https://croppola.com/ for cropping and https://squoosh.app/ to reduce the file size.

If your followed all the given instructions correctly, your repository will be automatically added to the department's project web site (Update daily)

A HTML template integrated with the given GitHub repository templates, based on github.com/cepdnaclk/eYY-project-theme . If you like to remove this default theme and make your own web page, you can remove the file, docs/_config.yml and create the site using HTML. -->

# Project Title

---

## Team
-  eNumber, Name, [email](mailto:name@email.com)
-  eNumber, Name, [email](mailto:name@email.com)
-  eNumber, Name, [email](mailto:name@email.com)

<!-- Image (photo/drawing of the final hardware) should be here -->

<!-- This is a sample image, to show how to add images to your page. To learn more options, please refer [this](https://projects.ce.pdn.ac.lk/docs/faq/how-to-add-an-image/) -->

<!-- ![Sample Image](./images/sample.png) -->

#### Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Solution Architecture](#solution-architecture )
3. [Software Designs](#hardware-and-software-designs)
4. [Testing](#testing)
5. [Conclusion](#conclusion)
6. [Links](#links)

## Introduction

Description of the real world problem and solution, impact


## Solution Architecture

High level diagram + description

## Software Designs

Detailed designs with many sub-sections

## Testing

Testing done on software : detailed + summarized results

## Conclusion

What was achieved, future developments, commercialization plans

## Links

- [Project Repository](https://github.com/cepdnaclk/{{ page.repository-name }}){:target="_blank"}
- [Project Page](https://cepdnaclk.github.io/{{ page.repository-name}}){:target="_blank"}
- [Department of Computer Engineering](http://www.ce.pdn.ac.lk/)
- [University of Peradeniya](https://eng.pdn.ac.lk/)

[//]: # (Please refer this to learn more about Markdown syntax)
[//]: # (https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)

Commit message:

Revise project title and team information in README
Updated project title and team member details in README.

docs/README.md, after:

---
layout: home
permalink: index.html

repository-name: eYY-co2060-project-template
title: CO2060
---

[comment]: # "This is the standard layout for the project, but you can clean this and use your own template, and add more information required for your own project"

<!-- Once you fill the index.json file inside /docs/data, please make sure the syntax is correct. (You can use this tool to identify syntax errors)

Please include the "correct" email address of your supervisors. (You can find them from https://people.ce.pdn.ac.lk/ )

Please include an appropriate cover page image ( cover_page.jpg ) and a thumbnail image ( thumbnail.jpg ) in the same folder as the index.json (i.e., /docs/data ). The cover page image must be cropped to 940×352 and the thumbnail image must be cropped to 640×360 . Use https://croppola.com/ for cropping and https://squoosh.app/ to reduce the file size.

If your followed all the given instructions correctly, your repository will be automatically added to the department's project web site (Update daily)

A HTML template integrated with the given GitHub repository templates, based on github.com/cepdnaclk/eYY-project-theme . If you like to remove this default theme and make your own web page, you can remove the file, docs/_config.yml and create the site using HTML. -->

# Project Title
Computer vision & AI lab system
---

## Team
-  E/23/282, M.R.A Rahman, e23282@eng.pdn.ac.lk(mailto:name@email.com)
-  E/23/273, A Piraveen, e23273@eng.pdn.ac.lk(mailto:name@email.com)
-  E/23/289, A Rajeeth, e23289@eng.pdn.ac.lk(mailto:name@email.com)
-  E/23/396, M Tharsika, e23396@eng.pdn.ac.lk(mailto:name@email.com)

<!-- Image (photo/drawing of the final hardware) should be here -->

<!-- This is a sample image, to show how to add images to your page. To learn more options, please refer [this](https://projects.ce.pdn.ac.lk/docs/faq/how-to-add-an-image/) -->

<!-- ![Sample Image](./images/sample.png) -->

#### Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Solution Architecture](#solution-architecture )
3. [Software Designs](#hardware-and-software-designs)
4. [Testing](#testing)
5. [Conclusion](#conclusion)
6. [Links](#links)

## Introduction

This project implements a comprehensive web platform for the Computer Vision and AI Lab, designed to streamline both public outreach and internal operations. The public interface acts as a dynamic portfolio, showcasing the lab's latest research, publications, and team achievements to the academic community.

Internally, the system features a secure management dashboard to digitize daily workflows. Key modules include an inventory booking engine for high-value equipment (such as drones and cameras) and a scheduling system for shared GPU computing resources. By replacing manual logbooks with role-based automation, this platform ensures efficient resource utilization and seamless collaboration between students and administration.

## Solution Architecture

High level diagram + description

## Software Designs

Detailed designs with many sub-sections

## Testing

Testing done on software : detailed + summarized results

## Conclusion

What was achieved, future developments, commercialization plans

## Links

- [Project Repository](https://github.com/cepdnaclk/{{ page.repository-name }}){:target="_blank"}
- [Project Page](https://cepdnaclk.github.io/{{ page.repository-name}}){:target="_blank"}
- [Department of Computer Engineering](http://www.ce.pdn.ac.lk/)
- [University of Peradeniya](https://eng.pdn.ac.lk/)

[//]: # (Please refer this to learn more about Markdown syntax)
[//]: # (https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
